feat: add wallet type documentation (#38)
TradeTrust/documentation: docs/document-creator/config-file.md

---

## Wallet field

> The `"wallet"` field is a string that refers to your ethereum wallet. The configuration file support two type of wallet option.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `"wallet"` field is a string that refers to your ethereum wallet. The configuration file supports two types of wallet option.

```

- ENCRYPTED_JSON
- AWS_KMS

#### ENCRYPTED_JSON Wallet

> 
> The wallet field can be derive it from either one of these methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The wallet field can be derived from either one of these methods:
```

(_Note: you can watch a tutorial on this [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3l9OSVGHH8&feature=youtu.be&t=577) at 7:29 onwards_)

This result can now be entered into the `"wallet"` field in the [config file](#encrypted-json-wallet).

#### AWS_KMS Wallet

Ethereum uses Elliptic Curve Digital Signing Algorithm (ECDSA). More specifically, the elliptic curve being used for transaction signing is secp256k1

1) If you don't have a Aws Kms Wallet, you can refer to [documentation](https://luhenning.medium.com/the-dark-side-of-the-elliptic-curve-signing-ethereum-transactions-with-aws-kms-in-javascript-83610d9a6f81) to create a ECC_SECG_P256K1 Key.

2) Connect the Aws Kms Key to an Aws Iam User and enable the signing access control.

3) The IAM credential and KMS Key ID can now be entered into the `"wallet"` field in the [config file](#aws-kms-wallet).

> ---

Reviewer: maybe can include a link to `https://docs.tradetrust.io/docs/advanced/aws-kms/overview`

Author: i update the documentation link to this overview instead of the external guide link
